Update release docs for uv lock (#3749)
apache/iceberg-python: mkdocs/docs/how-to-release.md

### Update Library Version

> Update the version in `pyproject.toml` and `pyiceberg/__init__.py` to match the release version. You will need to additionally run `uv lock`. See [#1276](https://github.com/apache/iceberg-python/pull/1276).

Reviewer: nit: #1276 doesn't contain `uv.lock` change. We could replace the link with a newer one, #2984.

> Update the version in `pyproject.toml` and `pyiceberg/__init__.py` to match the release version. You will need to additionally run `uv lock`. See [#1276](https://github.com/apache/iceberg-python/pull/1276).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Update the release version by running `uv version <release-version>`, which updates both `pyproject.toml` and `uv.lock`. Then update the version in `pyiceberg/__init__.py` to match.
```

nit: i found `uv version` which takes care of both the pyproject.toml file and the uv.lock 

https://docs.astral.sh/uv/reference/cli/#uv-version
